This is an example, not a real config file - do not rename this to
teamConferenceOverrides.json and use it directly, since it lists
conferences that match THIS project's specific realignment, not yours.

HOW THIS WORKS

The app ships with a built-in team -> conference map, but that map
reflects one specific dynasty's conference realignment. If your dynasty
has moved teams to different conferences, the app's autobid detection,
Power/Group conference split, and BCS ranking's conference-based bonuses
will all be wrong for any team you've moved - possibly silently.

To fix this: edit teamConferenceOverrides.json (the real file, sitting
next to this example, starts as an empty {}) and list ONLY the teams
you've moved. Anything you don't list keeps its built-in default. You do
NOT need to list all 143 teams - just the ones that are different in your
save.

EXAMPLE

If you moved Boise State to the Big 12 and Memphis to the SEC, your real
teamConferenceOverrides.json should look like this:

{
  "Boise State": "Big 12",
  "Memphis": "SEC"
}

Conference names must be spelled exactly as the app already uses them:
SEC, Big Ten, Big 12, ACC, American, Mountain West, Pac-12, MAC,
Sun Belt, Conference USA, Independent

If your realignment introduces a conference name that isn't in that list
(a renamed or newly-created conference), that's fine too - just use
whatever name you want for it consistently across every team you assign
to it, and it'll show up correctly throughout the app.

Team names must be spelled exactly as they appear in team_lookup.json in
this same folder (e.g. "Miami" not "University of Miami", "USF" not
"South Florida").

AFTER EDITING

Restart the app (fully close and reopen) for the change to take effect -
the file is only read once, when the app starts.

HOW TO TELL IF YOU NEED TO DO THIS AT ALL

Go to the Autobids tab and load your save. If a real Conference
Championship game doesn't show up as a detected conference champion, or
you see a warning that a championship game didn't match any conference,
that's the sign - it means at least one of those two teams' listed
conference doesn't match its real conference in your save, or the two
teams playing in that title game aren't in the same conference according
to the app's map. Add an override for whichever team(s) are wrong and
restart.
